README.md, before:

Example
=======
An example plugin for Happening.

About happening
---------------
In case you don't know what this is about: Happening is a group app for iOS and Android, that allows you to create your own plugins in minutes. To get started signup at: https://develop.happening.im

Don't worry: plugins (also called Group Apps) are just Javascript (or CoffeeScript), both client-side and server-side. However, the powerful Happening environment provides you with user group details, a database that syncs to all clients, reactive user-interface widgets, and html/css for whatever else you may want to do. That social app you've wanted to build for ages, but didn't because it'd take you weeks? You'll finish it tonight.

Getting started
---------------
On Linux/Mac, use your Bash-compatible shell. On Windows, we recommend git console that comes with [git](http://git-scm.com/download/win).

1. Clone the example code: `git clone https://github.com/happening/Example.git`.

2. Navigate to https://happening.im/dev. This will redirect you to the special "My group apps" happening, possibly after logging in.

3. Tapping the console icon next to your plugin will open its development console. Copy the plugin's __upload code__ to a file: `echo 1234567890 > .deploykey`.

4. Deploy your plugin using `./deploy`. It should instantaneously update in your browser.

Manifest
--------
`manifest` holds your app configuration. Supported keys:

- __name__ Name of your plugin.
- __desciption__ Description of your plugin.
- __api__ API version, don't use anything other than `2`

Distribution
------------
On the development console, you will find a __share code__ besides the upload code. By searching for this code in the Group App store in other happenings, you can add your custom plugin (making it instantaneously available to all its members!).

Once added, the plugin will be upgraded within 60 minutes of you updating the plugin in "My group apps". `exports.onUpgrade` will be called, use this to update the data store. You can view your plugin's log and database for these other Happenings on the development console. Use this to debug problems with these instances.

If you feel your Group App should be placed in the Group App store, let us know.

Commit message:

Updated readme, tweaked some comments, added icon list link

README.md, after:

Example
=======
An example Group App for Happening.

What's Happening?
-----------------
Happening is a Group App Platform for iOS, Android and [the web](https://happening.im).

Group Apps (also called Plugins) are just Javascript or CoffeeScript. The powerful Happening environment provides you with user and group details, a synchronized data store across all clients, reactive user-interface widgets, and html/css for whatever else you may want to do. That social app you've wanted to build for ages, but didn't because it'd take you weeks? You'll finish it tonight.

Getting started
---------------
On Linux/Mac, use your Bash-compatible shell. On Windows, we recommend the Git console that comes with [Git](http://git-scm.com/download/win).

1. Clone the example code: `git clone https://github.com/happening/Example.git`.

2. Navigate to https://happening.im/dev. This will redirect you to the special "My group apps" happening, possibly after logging in.

3. Tapping the console icon next to your Group App will show the Developer Console. Copy its __upload code__ to a file: `echo 123456ab > .deploykey`.

4. Deploy your Group App using `./deploy`. It should instantaneously update in your browser / app.

Manifest
--------
`manifest` holds your app configuration.

- __name__ Group App name.
- __desciption__ Group App description.
- __api__ API version, don't use anything other than `2`
- __icon__ Default icon, [list of available icons](https://happening.im/static/plugicons.html). Alternatively, you can bundle your own `icon.svg`.

Distribution
------------
The Developer Console will also show a __share code__. Search for this code in the Group App Store of other happenings to add your new App (making it instantaneously available to all its members!).

Once added in another happening, a Group App will be upgraded within 60 minutes of you updating the version in "My group apps". Use `exports.onUpgrade` in `server.coffee` to update data store items if they change between versions. The Developer Console allows you to inspect the App's data store in these other happenings to aid debugging.

If you feel your Group App should be listed in the Group App store, [mailto:dev@happening.im](send us a message). Be sure to include the install code and a group code where we can see your App in action.
